You
Good morning CHD. I'm clear duly the cinematographer on the CHD bus and today is Friday September 2nd
20 second and we are in Montpelier, Vermont
Today is a travel day. So tomorrow we'll be going to
Concord, New Hampshire, and that's where our next event will be
But if you guys missed it yesterday
there was a story of a girl who was seven years old her name was Kaylin and she was
She died after she received a flu shot and her mother came on to the bus the first time around and
Told her story and so she came back to the bus to tell her story. So if you guys missed that
You can find it on our website at CHG
TV forward slash bus or on Twitter at CHG bus
And we're playing a Roku too
So coming up is let's see we're gonna have a couple new stops
So we have September 25th. We'll be in Augusta, Maine
And then once again, sorry going back September 23rd, which is tomorrow. We're gonna be in Concord, New Hampshire
It's September 25th. We're gonna be in Augusta, Maine
September 27th, we're gonna be in Boston, Massachusetts and
September 29th we're gonna be in Providence, Rhode Island and October 1st
We're gonna be in Plainfield, Connecticut
So if you go to CHG TV for slash bus you can find all these locations and where we're gonna be and
And we'd love to see you guys
Today coming up next is a CDC's advisory committee will meet to discuss maternal RSV vaccine safety and surveillance
Dr. Marilyn Nass will be live blogging
So don't miss it the entire meeting from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Eastern time
So tune in on our events page plus
CHG Europe and UK column hosts and HPV expose today at 1 p.m. Eastern time
Tune in to know the facts and get informed with doctors lawyers and parents of the injured
Thank you so much you guys
Please just keep in touch with the bus keep on watching the stories that are coming out our editors are working really hard to get you guys
Some some compilations of what we're seeing in the road about COVID hospital protocols
Vaccine injuries COVID vaccine injuries and vaccine deaths
And yeah coming up next is doctors and scientists with JJ Cooey and Dr. Brian Hooker
Thanks so much you guys have a great day
You
Well good morning CHD and welcome to this episode of doctors and scientists
I'm so excited for
Children's health defense new addition Dr. J. Cooey Dr. Jonathan J. Cooey
We were able to get him as a
Refugee from the University of Pittsburgh. I don't know if I'm describing that right, but welcome to the show Jay and tell us a little bit about your background
Hey, thanks very much for having me Brian
I'm it's a real honor to
To have joined CHD and to be working with you, and it's really special to be on the show now
I was a research assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh in
2020 and I
Had trouble following the protocols and I had trouble
Keeping my cool about certain things when people would tell me to read the New York Times, etc
And I had a boss or an supervisor that didn't quite think the same way in fact
War more than one mask at times. Oh my and so at some point
I was notified by email that they didn't feel comfortable with me coming into the lab anymore
And so they basically paid me out till the end of my contract and then it wasn't extended and if you know how
Academia works if you can't get a recommendation from your previous job
It's gonna be pretty hard to move on I decided to keep my YouTube channel going which I had started originally for
For a journal club on a bike with with my neuroscience students
I I just kept going with with teaching immunology and and trying to
advocate for natural immunity and at some point
During the the first year of the pandemic I saw Bill Gates
Give a discussion or or an explanation on a lighted table
about how they were going to use RNA to
Make your body into a vaccine factory and it dawned on me in in a moment
that we were using the same technology in our mice for a lot of our experiments and
That they had just turned this around and said that they could inject it in people's arms in and this would work fine
And it it blew me away and so before I was
Asked not to come in anymore. I had several encounters with people at the University of Pittsburgh who also used
Transfection in their lab and I tried to ask them, you know, do you understand that their?
The new vaccines are really just
Transfections. They're going to
Transfect people that seems crazy to me and these people were were seemed very confident that they must have figured out how to make it work correctly
because otherwise they wouldn't do this right and I
Wasn't convinced and I
After I was asked not to come in I had eight more months of my salary and so I continued to to work on this stuff and
Long story short I got enough support from my viewers that I kept going for the whole year of 2021
And now in
2022 Bobby called me and asked me to help him
Robert F Kennedy jr. Excuse me asked me to call
Asked me to help him with his book the Wuhan book, which is coming out. I don't know sometime this fall
and
At the end of that little consultation
Then now I was lucky enough to have chd all for me a position. So here I am
Well, thank you so much for that and and I I really you know, you are so good at distilling science down and making it
Understandable, you know, you started out with your youtube channel
And you've continued on you've continued on with that breakdown. You've you've used several terms
Breakdown what you mean by
Transfection and what what does a transfection vehicle look like when say you're doing some type of genetic modification of mice in the lab?
Sure, so
the typical use
That I would have in the laboratory. What is a real
Interesting use case that would take an hour to really describe but
Um, the gist of it is is that you can modify neurons in the brain of a mouse
By expressing proteins that wouldn't normally be there. Right. Um, and in
In the case of optogenetics, which is a which is an in vitro and in vivo technique that's used in a lot of mouse and rat experiments
Um, you can express an algae
Protein in the neurons and an algae protein is what you think it is. It is a protein from algae
Um, but this happens to be a protein which
Um is responsive to blue light in such a way that where whichever neurons are expressing the algal protein
If you shine blue light on them their activity will increase
Oh, okay. That basically means that
You can
Control neurons in the brain to a certain extent and so you could turn on certain kinds of neurons
You could turn on certain neurons in certain places and they're actually
Manipulations of this kind of protein where you can turn neurons off and so neuroscience has been using
just the
Just injecting into a location of the brain
and expressing these proteins and using them as kind of uh
A kind of a lesion in the sense that if you turn on the blue light and all the neurons in that location turn off
It's kind of similar to taking that part of the brain out of the equation
But in the old days you would have to do it by by breaking it or
Right drawing it and here
With the expression of an algal protein
You can take neurons in and out of the equation while the animals alive
And then sacrifice the animal
Dissect the brain and really look at what neurons were you turning on and off?
And you can see that in serial experiments you can start to kind of
Maybe in a certain controlled experiment start to figure out what certain neurons are doing during certain behaviors. Okay. Now the trick is
Is that when you transfect these neurons?
In order for you to go back into the mouse and see these neurons inadequately or accurately rather characterized their anatomical location
You need them to be present
In the animal when you sacrifice them and prepare prepare their brain
But because these neurons are expressing a foreign protein
Inevitably what will happen is one of two things
Either the neuron will express too much of this protein and the protein itself will become toxic
Because
It draws all of the material away from what should be normal expression of all kinds of other
proteins during homeostasis the other thing that can happen is that the
Internal immune system of the brain will just clear that neuron out because it's expressing a foreign protein and it shouldn't be
Um, what this results in is that in these early experiments
with transfection
Anybody that's using it in this case neurobiologists had to learn the window of time
Where you could still sacrifice the animal and have all of the neurons intact before the immune system clear it or before
The toxicity of the transfection would take over and that tends to be about
Six weeks
and so
The first thing that I started arguing about in the hallways with some of my
My fellow faculty members was but what do you think is going to happen?
If you transfect
An old lady with a spike protein and it doesn't stay in her arm and it goes throughout her body
What happens to those cells?
They're all going to get attacked by the immune system. This can't be a good idea
and again
It's just one of these things where some people just hadn't really thought it through and and other people just had this
real
sort of
misplaced trust that somehow, you know, they must have checked and that this would this work out
um
And so that's that's the
The gist of using it in in an animal is the sense that it's a tool with an understanding
That there's a huge limit
as to how useful it could be and you're using it as a
In a way that you you use wood to build the birdhouse and we're not talking about some kind of uh
We're not talking about augmenting a healthy immune system
And we're talking about using and using a a set of tools
To study how a mouse brain works right um and so it's a very different kind of
It's a very different kind of objective with a very different endpoint and so it was extraordinary to me that they were
Taking this and calling it a therapeutic that could be applied to healthy humans
Exactly, you know, I love the way that you broke that down and
When you're when you're looking at the component of the mRNA vaccine
And the component of what you would do in transfection. I'm you know, I was older in molecular biology
And we used to use a substance called gene juice
um
And then it's been I think it's been around for a while
And but it was a liposomal substance that you know, basically
Seemed a lot like the lipid nanoparticle that was being used in
You know in essentially in transfection of people
Are the same components in what you did for genetic engineering? Are they similar to the components in the vaccine?
So interestingly, it's a great question
Our components are much closer to the first two vaccines that came out in that we usually use an identifier as carrier
Oh, okay
And so that was also at the time if you will recall
AstraZeneca and johnson and johnson were the first ones that kind of came out and so
There was even more parallel
between what they were doing in the uk with
AstraZeneca
And our work in the lab, I mean they're the same thing. It was like adenovirus
25 and you know, we use adenovirus 27 or something it's it was
Really spectacularly close
And so it was really easy in my mind to think you know this this can't be
That and it took a long time brian don't get me wrong. I I was a neuroscientist and
The neuroscientist, you know, you know a lot of things about a very narrow
Toolbox of stuff. Oh, sure. Right. All right
It took me a lot of reading and a lot of time to
To get to the stage where I was confident enough to talk about this immunology and with
with the gusto to argue about it
um
But in the end it was definitely what needed to be done because there with all of the
the faculty and at pit that were in the department of neurobiology. I've heard from absolutely no one
um
Since I was let go
So either
Maybe there's a combination of nobody paying attention or nobody looking into it
But I find that very hard to believe. I think most of them are still fully on board with the idea that somehow
This is okay
You put it in a vial you call it a vaccine and somehow magically
Then it's not going to do the same thing and these were animals that you were preparing that you you basically
Were and correct me if I'm wrong you're irreversibly changing in there were neurons
And so the ultimate trajectory would be you know, you might do some behavioral tests or whatever
But you were sacrificing the animals and then and then uh, you know doing biopsies of the brains correct correct
And actually I can give you another anecdotal story that'll kind of bring this into focus
Um while I was at the university of pittsburgh, I also assisted
with monkey application
Okay, um and the reason why this is important for the viewers that don't know
Monkeys are very different kind of laboratory animal because of the the ethic ethical issues surrounding them
It might not seem like it formed the perspective of people outside of academic research
But there is a sort of hierarchy that that academic biologists think about
And we don't worry too much about the ethics of using trisophila
Um, we worry a little bit more about the ethics of using mice and we certainly don't want mice to suffer
um
On the other hand if a mouse needs to be
sacrificed in order to look at the anatomy of the brain
That's cannot considered to be at all some kind of crazy idea
Um as you go up higher into this higher arcade of animals
You don't use a monkey
For anatomy anymore
You wait until the monkey is all given you 10 years of experiments perhaps and before you're going to do that
um
and so in the case of
of
Up to genetics in monkeys. It's very important to
sort of have a monkey that's at the
The end of its service
Right where you're already planning. Okay. This is the last experiment. So now we can do this
and so we did this um in conjunction with another lab there
and
against
Not necessarily against my advice, but in light of my advice where I said you have about six weeks
And then we really need to
Sacrifice the animal your anatomy won't be clean
um, and they went 12
And basically when we did the anatomy and we made slices of the brain the places where we had
Hoped to see
fluorescently labeled neurons right um, we just saw empty
um, and there was fragments of of
Of fluorescent material so you can see that that something was there. So the immune system had attacked
Yeah, well, we can't really tell for sure. It was either that right to die from overexpressing a protein
Right, right because we're driving it pretty hard. I mean, it's not a
You know, that may be the one
Thing that they have they have changed a little bit, but
you know, basically
A transfection product is designed to produce as much protein as possible
Um, it's not some kind of you know, dose thing that they goes really slow over weeks
It's it's usually optimized for maximum protein production
And that seems to be what they did here with with the mRNA as well
And so that means that at some point the
Be inevitable conclusion is is that it will reach toxic levels because the cell can't
Process that much extra
Foreign protein
Exactly. I had did a previous interview with p.r. Corey and he had indicated
that um, the experiments that have been done
Tracing the expression of the spike protein and vaccinated individuals
Showed that for as long as the duration of the experiment some of the subjects
We're still expressing spike protein for as long as six months
Post vaccination and he then he talked about long covid and covid vaccine injury
Where some just look like they were going to produce spike protein for the rest of their lives
Is that feasible and how would that work?
It is it is in theory feasible. I mean that the first part is you know
How long lived is the RNA?
You don't really know
um
The other part that that gets a little more frightening is whether or not
There are certain tissues
In the body which would have a propensity for integration and continued expression which would which would be the
the
The worst case scenario that you're thinking of where you really have expression forever
And that's really the trouble here brian
we are
Pretending as though we understand
How protein expression is orchestrated throughout the body
And in reality we
Their only sales pitch is that our body uses RNA to make protein and so it's fine
But in reality
How each individual tissue type uses RNA
And how each individual tissue type expresses
And and orchestrates their ribosomes
This is all different and so at the same RNA molecule
Landing in different tissues could have different results in one tissue
It might produce almost no protein in another tissue it might produce
A lot of protein that's unfolded in another tissue it might produce the perfect viral protein
But produce it for only a minute and it's any number
of possibilities that
Have not been adequately understood or or or investigated and instead we've been sold the idea that it's all fine
Exactly and um when you when you break it down, let me let me ask you a technical question really quickly about the
genetic modification that you use for mice
Um, is it always episomal or do you see integration?
Or is that something you never check we know we would never check
Um
No, because the mice are always I mean always sacrifice because you always
the one
the the beauty of this
technique
Is that you get
both
The control of neurons and you can there are advanced ways of doing it so that you can
Express this algal protein in neurons that have a specific gene
So that means inhibitory or excitatory neurons, but it even means more
Um, you can express, you know, only in in basal ganglia
Intern neurons with somatostatin
um, and then really
Mess with them in real time with a light going through the skull
Um, and then when you do the experiment correctly, you'll get an anatomical
three-dimensional
Reconstruction of the neurons that you
Transpected so
that
That is the goal. Um, and in that sense
integration
Does it matter? I mean
As long as they get this beautiful anatomy and uh, the neurons are intact when they when they make uh when they make the sacrifice
Um
Yeah, we have it. I don't think many people have looked into it. I don't think anyone's looked into it
Right, right and well and and exactly you know, but but the thing about doing
that type of
Molecular genetics and population dynamics is almost that if something could happen
It will it will from a statistical perspective
Now now correct me if i'm wrong. I mean, you know, because I go out on a lemon lot my show
They're not breeding you understand that right? They're not breeding. It's all uh, yeah
Right right not breeding but
But you know if you're if you're providing enough genetic material that you could be
Transfecting
Uh, many many cells
Then the statistical possibility that one gets you know in one of the cells gets integrated
That that's a possibility and that that could happen
I'm just looking at this from a standpoint of trying to interpret the fact
That someone some people that are being measured they're looking at an antibody based assay an antibody for
uh, an IgG for a spike protein and
What dr. Kory had said was that they just consistently
Show that they're producing that particular antibody
At a sort of a semi-quantitative level that would suggest that they're still producing spike protein
We were told that that expression was going to be
Reserve for the upper arm and it was going to last for about two weeks
No, I mean there is no doubt that that what we were told and what is what is was going to happen was definitely different and
That was part of my motivation for speaking out. I I knew that
That that's what happens. Um, I mean in the in the in the neurons in the brain you can even see secondarily infected
Are transfected neurons in the sense of even when some of the earliest
Transfected neurons die there are still dimmer less
Fully expressing neurons that are present and so you can see this
Sort of time course of the damage that's done just by this over expression of a foreign protein and
I think that
more than anything else the
The the people that are listening need to understand that there's a compounding
Um, set of dangers here because number one
If transfection was made in a craft brewery
master
class
Baker style
The best ingredients the best quality control
It would still be inappropriate to augment a healthy immune system. Now on top of that
We have gone from
Making nanograms on a bench to making kilograms in a factory
Right and the the quality control that you can do on those kinds of volumes is much different
Um, and so the potential for the rna to be impure is very high, which means you'll have all kinds of
fragmented proteins expressed
Which we don't know what would happen to
um
The the newest news is that there's also the dna construct that was used to generate the rna that's still present as a contaminant
And that's a whole nother
set of
of i don't knows
Um that are definitely not good
And that could be a problem forever because they've always had this issue of
Of separating dna from rna. It's never going to be totally perfect
and then this all
discards the
countless other possible contaminants that come from from manufacturing at that scale
Wow, I mean, you know, it's it's I like I like the way that you've just kind of put this layer upon layer
Tell me about the
Types of immune responses that you would see now from from my understanding
And I I don't know as much about the adenovirus vector vaccines as I do about the messenger rna vaccines
But from my understanding, um, the spike protein itself is a membrane bound protein
And so it's it's on it's it's embedded in the membrane of the cell
And then it is the the business end of it is extracellular. Is that correct?
Yes, that's correct
one of the things to keep in mind which which is really important about this this
Transspection is that
As you said, it's a membrane bound protein. So the ideal
Transspection if it works exactly like it's supposed to work on the package exactly like it says in the little cartoon in the fold out thing
Right then this would be the sequence of the rna
And the sequence of the rna will be translated into a sequence of the protein, right?
Right
You got to remember of the the viewers have to remember that the protein will be folded
As it moves out of the ribosome and that final folded shape
Is the functional shape of the spike protein and that's actually really important
Because when the body makes antibodies, it's making antibodies to the electrostatic shape
Of the protein in this three-dimensional form
Right
Not to epitopes that could be identified on the sequence line
Of the protein now if every one of your pro
Every one of your tissues could potentially fold the protein differently
Then that means every one of your tissues could create a different set
Of three-dimensional epitopes that your immune system would respond to which may not always necessarily be relevant to the virus
Right
And that was what would make an impure rna even more dangerous or
The idea that the pseudo uridine
Changes that have been made to it can result in spontaneous
Stop codons or misread up codons
And so then you'll have shortened
Sequences that won't be folded correctly and again will be presenting the incorrect epitopes to the immune system
So from a standpoint of of immunology, then you know, you're you're not creating
Uh, you're not creating antibodies to the to the actual spike or there are enough contaminants that you're getting
Sort of a full milieu of antibodies some that are maybe worthwhile some that are worthless
What happens beyond that? What about cellular immune response?
You know when you know one of the things I get concerned about
And looking especially at a lot of the cardiac damage is that all these spike proteins are hanging out of the cardiac muscle
And and they're just waiting for a tax. So would you know
What would what would cellular immunity do to
The cells that are expressing the spike proteins
Well, I mean it's in the worst case scenarios app obtosis the best case scenario from inflammation, but that doesn't seem to be likely to me
Um
I think what what people should consider
Is the action of the
The action of the liposome or the liposomes what they are but leave you want to call them lip and nanoparticles
Right
The lip and nanoparticles the action of them
Is going to occur where capillaries come to be the narrowest
and you have to think of
It's hard to imagine this if you're not imagining this all the time, but the surface area
Of all of the capillaries in your body is immense
That's the most likely place where
The the lip and nanoparticles going to come in contact with a membrane and it's going to pass through
So the most likely secondary target maybe even the primary target of these
These lip and nanoparticles going to be endothelial cells somewhere
Um, and when endothelial cells express the spike protein
They're going to express the spike protein out into the plasma
Right makes it very likely
Shot after shot. This is why why secret bhakti and michael eden have said it would get so bad
Is because on the first shot you don't have very many antibodies
To the the funny new protein that's sticking out of your endothelial cells
Right, just to might recognize it it might attack some of those endothelial cells
Present this spike protein to t and v cells and maybe make some antibodies
But the second time you get transvected and you have antibodies in circulation
If those cells express the spike protein and antibody binds
Now you can get instantaneous
Uh, cytotoxicity from
Cytotoxic t cells natural killer cells all of them can read that and then the worst part is
Is that antibodies can cause the deposition of compliment?
And so that means that you can start to have clotting happen and if that
occurs
In any of these capillary beds then you're going to have this
Ongoing potential every time the spike protein is that you're exposed to it
You could potentially have a clotting cascade occur
And that's what sucrabakti has been calling these microclots. Right essentially
It's happening on a on a microscopic scale, but at any point in time it could it could cascade into a full-on
You know stroke type event
Absolutely
And I I love the way that you you've broken that down and explained that now the ramifications though
Uh, you know and and I love the whole analogy
You know or or talking about the surface area of the capillaries
It makes so much sense that that's where the payload would get deposited is when these capillaries narrow
um
One of the things that has been
You know at least in our community
Uh has been disseminated is the japanese-leaked
Leaked information regarding the Pfizer vaccine and the bio distribution studies the Pfizer vaccine
What are the ramifications? You know, I know you're you know, you're not a reproductive specialist
But you know you see that the lipid nanoparticles or the liposomes
Were also accused accumulating in the gametes of male and females
You know primarily in the ovaries of males, but also in the testes are ovaries of females. Excuse me
I do know the difference between male and female. I promise
um, but um, but also the testes of males and so um
What are the ramifications there? It just it it just seems astounding
That for what we were told was going to stay in the upper arm
That it makes it into so many different places of the the body where you would expect sort of disparate consequences
Yeah, it gets tricky right because
There are a number of
Reasons to be worried again. I'm keep trying to separate all these layers the transfection itself
Transfecting cells in your testes or in your ovaries
Who knows what would what would happen there?
But there's another thing
That people are have been talking about for a while that I have been
Maybe a little bit
Pushing to the side because I want to make sure that people understand the transfection
And it's greatest form would never work for what they wanted to work for right now
But the lipid nanoparticle itself
um
Has a tendency they're like bubbles. They've been described as like, you know, soap bubbles or whatever, but they haven't really
Adequately described how they can aggregate
Um, and they can get a little bigger and become more toxic the larger they get
um
so the idea
of them going to different places they're bringing the toxicity of the lipid nanoparticle which
in vmo, I sorry in vitro has been shown to be able to
mutate and and
I don't know if it's if it cuts it or if it mutates it then then the repair causes
That's it and then the repair is the mutation
But it can nick dna it can make
Okay, so having that in your gametes would also be bad from the perspective of whatever that lipid nanoparticle may or may not do
um
It is a it is a very concerning thing also that that same study showed that it goes to the bone marrow where
Right here. You could have interaction with ongoing stem cell development or uh, uh, excuse me immature
Um, immune cell development and who knows what kind of consequences that could have long term
One of the things that i'm finding interesting is all these case studies and there hasn't been enough information yet really to do epidemiology
But all these case studies on so-called turbo cancers
Uh, and they're and they're primarily lymphomas
Uh, i've seen a lot of photographic evidences of swelling and lymph nodes lymph nodes
So limp lympho demopathy and then and then followed by tumors in the lymph nodes as well
um
What you know, you talk about nicking dna and that really kind of get my sense is going because I know dna damage
To somatic cells leads to cancer
Um, could could that be an explanation or could there be other explanations?
Um, why we're seeing an uptick in certain forms of cancer
So I think there are a number of different things the one thing I would first caution everybody and and and I would
It comes first to mind
Is this
Leg and whatever we did with those first two years how many people should have gotten found early?
Um and didn't um, I don't think it's that though
um
One thing to consider is the reports from early on with the sequence of the virus and specifically the spike protein included a sequence
called dc sine
which is a sequence which is kind of a
uh
a general
Sequence match for an mhc
That it's more or less a an antigen presenting cell stimulator
Okay, well the idea would be
that
Imagine a scenario where you wanted to make a vaccine work really well
But you knew that a protein doesn't really attract the immune system
And it looks as a possibility that maybe
Some epitopes were inserted into the spike protein to make them. Let's say more immunogenic
Okay
If that was the case
um
It's possible that when you over express this spike protein in your body and it happens to have this very generic
antigen presenting cell stimulator, which is the mirror image. I believe of a T cell
receptor
Right
You could have over activation of T cells if you have this much
spike protein in your body and over activation of T cells is dangerous
because
there is a
A yin in the yang that's going on in your body between the T cells that are fighting and the T cells that are tolerating
If you think about your
If you think about your immune system in a very broad sense, you should think about it pretty simply
as
something like this
And so
Here's you on the outside
Here's your mouth. Oops. You can't see that. Here's your mouth
And then here's the exit hole over here
And this is your lungs
Right
And so this is the inside of your body or this stuff inside this being and stuff in like this being and everything else is on the
Outside of your body and in fact your lungs are still the outside
And in fact your GI tract is the outside of your body
As if the tube
So your immune system
is actually organized
around this barrier
And you should always think about your immune system as organized around a barrier because
The cells think of themselves as organized around a barrier
And in fact that barrier has
little
Barracks right that are called
lymph nodes
And so it doesn't matter where you are in your body. It doesn't matter whether it's your lungs or whether it's in your gut or whether it's in your
Your skin
There are lymph nodes that feed and serve as a home base for the immune cells
That that's that are defending this barrier whether it's your skin out of here
Or whether it's the epithelium of your lungs
Or whether it's the epithelium of your gut
But the trick to remember
Is that in your gut things have to come in
And everywhere else things cannot come in
Nobody's allowed to come in through your lungs. Nobody's allowed to come in through your skin
And so there is a balance between the tolerance of the immune system
in your gut
And the intolerance of the immune system of everywhere else
And if you think about a if you think about a
a
Respiratory pathogen the respiratory pathogen gets trapped in your mucus
And then it goes down into your gut
And so actually
the immune response
To a respiratory virus is the combination of the intolerant immune response in your lungs
And the tolerant immune response in your gut
And so you need
T cells
In your gut to be tolerant of the spike protein to balance
Any T cells that are tolerant that are intolerant of the spike protein up here
And the balance between those two T cells is what brings the crescendo of the immune system up during infection
The day crescendo down
As the infection declines and without that balance
You're lost
And now how in the world this is a bad drawing now, but if this is your inside
If this is your inside how would injecting
antigen
Inside of the barrier of your immune system be a good way to augment
And that's really the
The reason why very lately on my streams i've been making the argument that we may
Just need to think that intramuscular injection as a means of augmenting the immune system may not be very smart
It may not work because it doesn't
Engage this yin and yang of the of the intolerant and the tolerant waves of the immune system
So there's a balance
Between I I love the way that you explained that
I'm i'm not an immunologist and i've never even taught immunology which
You know in the university system depending on the size of your university you might wear many hats
I never wore the immunologist hat, but um, so there's a balance between
the T cells in the lungs and the T cells in the gut and so things
In the gut presumably could slip through is that correct?
They absolutely have to because all of your lipids come in through your lymph
Right your lymph is actually really exposed near the payer's patches
And so if you're going to absorb any fats they have to come in through your lymph
And so that means that there is this real open to the
outside
portion of the immune system
where
Essentially all the nutrients have to pass through without triggering your immune system
and so that
happens over time as a person develops and
Allergies occur because that process goes wrong
Right, right
What do you see um, you know, I I get really really concerned now that we're on the you know
Who knows what booster we're on. I I I lost track and probably eighth booster or whatever
The Cleveland Clinic studies showed that
The more that individuals were vaccinated and boosted the higher their risk of getting COVID-19
Was in fact, you know, if they received five or more vaccines
I think that their risk of getting COVID-19 went up to about like 3.8
Relative risk is compared to
The unvaccinated in that group
What are we doing to the innate immune system by just by all these different boosters?
This is a good question. The innate immune system is a pretty enigmatic thing that i'm i'm still working to penetrate
Right, right
It's it. I think the
The traditional explanation would be at least the not traditional one the one that makes the
The most parsimonious sense to me is that with this abundance of antibodies
Um
You essentially are protecting the virus with antibodies that are for whatever reason unable
To call in the immune system. And so we saw the paper for example
Where there were iGG4, I believe antibodies. We essentially don't have a big fc
Um portion of it. They're not going to call for the compliments. It's right. Right. Right and so they
And they won't call in antigen presenting cells. They can't call in or or activate any other cells for any other cascade
And so what that can often do
Is protect the virus. So if every
Virus that gets covered in this non active antibody
Is immune to the compliment system then it can float around a lot farther in the system
And infect a cell farther away from where it was released
Um
At least that's the cartoon model that virology has told us many times with regard to like dengue fever
and other
vaccination
And then subsequent disease enhancement is because the antibodies in some way or another contribute to the virus's success
So
It's a tricky scenario because we don't know
um
Even to what extent how homogenous all of these people who have been transfected are because
Um, I think you're aware of this. It's becoming pretty clear that there was no
No quality control. So some doses were hot
Other sorry some lots were hot and other lots were almost placebo
And
In reality going forward it may even be who these people to lower the doses around the world just to
to throw people off and so
At this stage, I mean what what can we really know for sure?
um other than
Then that these these systems their systems have been damaged
right and and it's uh
It's a such a
It's such a magnificent thing if you think about the idea that your immune system learns
What self is and what?
Non-self is but more importantly what's what's intolerable?
Non-self and what's tolerable non-self
And the idea that we can just augment this willy nilly
Um has been a a thing that's drilled into all of us for many many, you know probably decades
But it's really actually I don't think true
I love that conclusion. I you know and and I love your comments also about
You know doing an iam injection
Where you're bypassing the barriers where you're bypassing the barriers of the lung bypassing the barriers of the guide
Uh, you know, I think that's such a strong point
Uh that you know that can't be overemphasized
What about germline effects?
I get concerned you you look I look at VAERS
And and it's a database that I look at with regularity
and the there there's a special category and VAERS for fertility disorders
And the number of fertility disorders that are associated
with the COVID-19 vaccine are 10 times
All the rest of the reports of fertility disorders for the rest of the 32-year history of VAERS
And so that's really really
Stark. I mean that you know that is that's quite an indictment
From from a physiological standpoint from an
Immunological standpoint, what would you expect to find you know if all of a sudden you've got gametes that are expressing spike protein
Um, you know and and that carry over into you know trying to get pregnant
Um, uh, and I think that then trying to have a viable pregnancy
I think the danger was originally highlighted by a man by the name of michael eden who found a quite large homogeny with this uh,
protein synchatin
Synchatin. Yeah, and that's a protein which
um people may be aware that
when membranes bind you need to have a protein that brings them together and
It may surprise people but actually many of our
proteins at the cellular level are homologous with proteins that viruses use
and for purposes of
of the
the
Deposition of the I believe of the egg in the
In the uterus for example, the implantation requires a protein that's very similar to sync to
a viral spike protein called synchatin
So the idea and I could be saying it wrong, but I believe it's synchatin anyway that protein
if
if women
When they are transfected build antibodies which cannot
adequately specify and they you know they bind to this protein and it would be
A thing where you have built autoimmunity which will effectively prevent pregnancy
um if you build autoimmunity
um to any of these tissues which express this
This protein as a result of the immune response because that's the trick brian
every time
The immune response is is forced to clear
Your tissue if it's your thiele cells for example
There is a chance that
an antigen presenting cell
Will decide to present a self antigen and it will find a T cell that recognizes it's not very likely
Right, but the idea is
You know, if if if the gun has in as finite number of chambers, you don't want to play rush and roulette
And this is one of those scenarios
where
We cannot
Augment the immune system this way and expect
That the immune system isn't going to make a mistake
um by sending this
Transfection all throughout the body and challenging the immune system not to make any mistakes. It's just a very very bad idea
Incredible absolutely incredible you've you've brought up so many so many important salient issues
Not only with the mRNA vaccines, but the adenovirus vector vaccines
um i'm so appreciative that of that
Where can we see more of you?
Where is your where is your youtube channel? It's called giga ohm biological. Is that correct?
Yes, and i'm on this
It's basically a gaming platform called twitch twitch right i'm going to move back on youtube shortly
But as of right now, it still feels like um my stuff is too hard hitting for youtube and they let me hide on twitch
Um, I also have a rumble channel with the same name and so you can find replays there as well. Okay. I appreciate it jay
Thank you so much for joining us today
Uh, appreciate your knowledge and insight and welcome to chd
Thank you very much brian as a pleasure to be here and uh honor to work with you
All right, and thank you everybody for joining us for this episode of doctors and scientists
You heard it here first enjoy the rest of your morning
You
Hi chd friends, it's me mary holland president of children's health defense
I reached out to you just a week ago, but i'm reaching out again because so much has happened
The fda has authorized a new round of coded shots for a variant that's already gone
And they only tested it on 20 mice
No control group, no human testing and with no emergency in sight
Public health officials authorized these shots for emergency use for babies as young as six months
Folks, this is the very definition of a morality
They're pulling out all the stops because we're winning and they're desperate
We're winning in courts around the country and around the world
And we're winning where it counts most in the court of public opinion
And that's why your support right now makes such a difference
Thanks to our generous supporters. We're running a million dollar match campaign this month
So as the cdc launches, it's wild to mild campaign to hype flu vaccines for adults pregnant women and children
With the promise of keeping everyone safe from a bad case of the flu
And while they use your tax dollars to push dangerous hpv vaccines
Unvulnerable low-income minority teens and as california's health department threatens to defund schools that have a low
Student vaccination rate without a shred of scientific evidence on their side
The fda and cdc want you to believe it's now perfectly safe to get a flu
COVID and rsv shot all at the same time the evidence speaks for itself
They are desperate
Desperate to keep you and me in a perpetual state of fear
And desperate to protect the obscenely lucrative profits from their vaccine pipeline
And like i said, they're desperate because we are winning
Using a legal theory chd advanced and appeals court rule last week that government officials almost certainly violated the first amendment
When they pressured tech platforms to censor posts on social media, even those that were absolutely true that went against the official narrative
The new york supreme court just ordered new york city officials to reinstate 10 teachers with back pay
Who refused the covid shots chd brought that lawsuit with your donations
These are big wins and the more we win the more they ratchet up
Now is the time to prove that with each attack on our freedoms on our health on our children
We grow stronger and more resolute
You are our most indispensable resource
You are the engine that keeps this movement running
We are humbled by your generosity
And i want you to know that we will steward your money as if it were our own
Like you we're in this movement till our last breaths. So thank you
You